Add netgear switch discription (#22815)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/netgear.markdown

{% endconfiguration_basic %}

## Router entities
The NETGEAR router will have the following entities.

> Note that not all routers support all features, if a router does not support a feature the corresponding entity will have the unavailable status even when the enity is disabled.
> You might also see the following error in the log `404 service '...', method '...' not found`, to prevent these errors, keep the unsuported entities disabled.
> All posibly unsupported enities are disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Note that not all routers support all features, if a router does not support a feature, the corresponding entity will have the unavailable status even when the entity is disabled.

You might also see the following error in the log `404 service '...', method '...' not found`, to prevent these errors, keep the unsupported entities disabled.

All possibly unsupported entities are disabled by default.
```

The total and average amount of downloaded/uploaded data through the router can be tracked per day/week/month.
In order for these entities to display the data (instead of 0), the "Traffic Meter" should be enabled in the router settings.
Enable the `Traffic Meter` switch entity and turn it on.

### Router feature switches

> The following router features can be turned on/off and the status can be read:
> - Access Control
> - Traffic Meter
> - Parental Control
> - Quality of Service
> - 2.4G Guest Wifi
> - 5G Guest Wifi
> - Smart Connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following router features can be turned on/off, and the status can be read:

- Access Control
- Traffic Meter
- Parental Control
- Quality of Service
- 2.4G Guest Wifi
- 5G Guest Wifi
- Smart Connect
```
